I'm a hobbyist and so I've been
interested in you know the LED lighting
technology for a long time
so I think I was waiting for something
that you know was gonna be affordable
and was gonna deliver you know sort of
the performance that we expect from a
really bright and energy-efficient
technology when I'm searching around for
products I found a castle and saw that
new units were tunable and so we pick
our spectrum not have the same exact
light profile on every exhibit so that
from a guests perspective and be able to
see something a little bit different
with every exhibit and then we're
actually using them lots of bigger
exhibits now we just built a pretty
impressive rack to put up I think
there's eight or ten lights on that
specific exhibit and that's a seagrass
exhibit so it's going to be three
thousand gallons somewhere in that
neighborhood and that's how we like that
exhibit is with all those individual
units the shipper we're getting off of
that the way the fish present has been
really really positive the guests have
really noticed it and I think we're
really happy with the product we're
using kecil lighting on a number of
cylinder shaped exhibits we had sort of
a problem with the narrow tall footprint
of these exhibits we wanted something
that would push light all the way to the
bottom you know
we found that with the confined space
that that those tanks had overhead that
the Kessel was the perfect thing to
fitted in that space
and then obviously you know being a
conservation organization were really
interested in energy efficiency we're
really interested in you know having as
minimal carbon footprint as we can and
so the energy savings and the energy
efficiency of an LED technology and
especially the Kessel units it was a
no-brainer for us or they're really good
fit I work for the Florida Aquarium here
in Tampa Florida we're about a 20 year
old facility we opened in 1995 or just
shy of a million gallons here we keep a
variety of birds fish reptiles both
fresh and saltwater aquatic exhibits a
lot of cool sharks and rays bigger
animals something new going on pretty
much all the time so thank you guys very
much for coming by checking out our
stuff and you know we hope to see you
next time you visit Sam but we
appreciate it
you